XTM MARKET — LOCAL ESMERALDA TEST

This launcher connects a local copy of XTM Market to Asset Vault v0.40.0.
It does not replace your wallet or republish the template/component.
Use test funds only. Live listing and purchase testing is still required.

1. KEEP YOUR WALLET RUNNING
Keep the existing wallet Terminal window open. Log in at:
http://localhost:5100

2. CREATE A LIMITED API KEY IN ASSET VAULT
Click the key-shaped icon in the left sidebar (API Keys).
Create a key named XTM Market Local. Choose a short expiry (e.g. one day).
Select ONLY these four permissions:
  accounts:read
  transactions:read
  transaction_requests:create
  transaction_requests:read
Do not select Admin, transactions:create or transaction_requests:approve.
Copy the generated tw_ key. Do not paste it into a website or chat.

3. START THE MARKETPLACE
Unzip xtm-market-local.zip in Downloads. Open a NEW Terminal window.
Run these two commands, one at a time:

cd "$HOME/Downloads/XTM-Market-Local"
python3 start.py

When asked, paste the API key and press Return. Typing/pasting is hidden.
The key stays in this process's memory, is not saved to disk, and is only
sent to your wallet on 127.0.0.1:5100. No Python packages are needed.
Python 3.9 or newer must already be installed (check: python3 --version).

4. OPEN AND CONNECT
Open http://localhost:5180 in your browser.
Click Connect Tari wallet, choose Asset Vault / local test launcher,
then Connect wallet once. This browser remembers that account and reconnects
automatically on later visits and after temporary connection loss.
Disconnect disables automatic reconnect. Changing accounts requires Connect again.
Keep the launcher running; after restarting it, enter its limited API key again.
The remembered account is only an address, never an API key or signing key.

5. TEST A LISTING
Choose List an item. Use a test product and your connected wallet address.
Choose your seller username and submit. The marketplace shows a request ID.
Open http://localhost:5100/transaction-requests (the check-circle icon).
Review the exact transaction and fee. Approve only the request you intended.
Return to XTM Market and keep its tab open; it submits after your approval.
If the wallet UI already submitted it, XTM Market tracks that transaction.
Rejecting the request prevents submission. Requests expire after 10 minutes;
the transaction's epoch bound can also expire before approval.

Keep both Terminal windows open while testing. To stop this launcher,
press Control+C in its window. Revoke its API key in Asset Vault when done.

TROUBLESHOOTING
- No such directory: ensure the extracted folder is XTM-Market-Local in
  Downloads, or type cd followed by a space and drag the folder into Terminal.
- Python missing: install Python 3.9+ from https://www.python.org/downloads/macos/.
- Wallet unavailable: keep walletd running on port 5100, on Esmeralda.
- Unauthorized: check the key expiry and the four permissions above.
- Address already in use: stop the previous launcher with Control+C.
- Request rejected/expired: inspect it in Asset Vault before trying again.
- Connection lost during submission: check Requests AND Transactions first.
  Do not create another request until you know what happened to the first.
- After a restart, an old request can be completed/rejected in Asset Vault;
  a new launcher will not take over requests from a previous process.

LOCAL BROWSER DATA
The localhost marketplace has separate browser storage from the public site.
Listings, photos, orders and delivery-decryption keys do not transfer
automatically. Use this same local browser profile for your test listings.
Switch wallet accounts and reconnect to test a separate buyer. The shared
catalog across different devices is not yet implemented.

Source: https://github.com/johnnysessa/XMT-Marketplace
